c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\bin\Debug\NewProject.dll
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\bin\Debug\NewProject.pdb
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\obj\Debug\NewProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\obj\Debug\NewProject.dll
c:\users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\obj\Debug\NewProject.pdb
c:\Users\sneha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\Users\sneha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\Users\sneha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\obj\Debug\NewProject.Views.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\obj\Debug\NewProject.Views.Page1.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\obj\Debug\NewProject.Views.Page2.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\obj\Debug\NewProject.Views.Page3.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\obj\Debug\NewProject.dll.mdb
C:\Users\sneha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewProject\NewProject\NewProject\bin\Debug\NewProject.dll.mdb
